display : flex => Used to create responsive layouts as its children can adjust according to the changing
screen size => It makes an image also responsive

align-items : center => This propery is used to specify the layout of the children in the flexbox

object-fit : contain => This property is used to resize an image to contain into specific dimensions
=> maintains the aspect ratio. In order to make an image good, we need to set its max height and instead of stretch we need to maintain its aspect ratio
In order to align items in the home tab, we can align the items vertically and horizontally by setting display as flex and align-items to be center

for some flex components, it becomes necessary to give max-height and max-width

If an image stretches out of the screeen, we need to set its width to 100%

border bottom can add a border below the text


----------------------------------------------GLOBAL STATE MANAGEMENT---------------------------------------------------------
1] Instead of passing info through different components with the help of props we can use a global data layer that can store data from any component and deliver to 
any component. In order to implement this we have used the StateProvider.js. 
In the file, we just have two functions. First is used to put the data into the stream with the help of a reducer.
Other is used to pull the data from the data stream

2] We wrap our app with the newly created stateprovider in index.
In this case, we need to pass in two arguments. First is the initial state of the data and the second is the reducer.

3] Reducer is basically a listener to the change in the data. It is mainly used to shoot the data in the data stream.
In reducer.js, we basically state the initial state and define the listener or the reducer which is imported in index.js

4] In the Product.js we add the item to the basket. Any update in the basket automatically updates the places they are being used at

useHistory can be used to navigate the website because it keeps the button styling as it is.
Link actually acts as a link that alters the styling


